README.md, before:

xsf-tools
=========

Automated tools for the management of XEPs at the XSF

Right now working towards automatically defering XEPs. For some thoughts on the
workflow see:
http://logs.xmpp.org/editor/2014-06-10/#18:36:56

For building XEPs it right now depends on:

* xsltproc (executable binary, debian package xsltproc)
* texml (python module, for source see: http://getfo.org)
* xelatex (executable binary, debian package texlive-xetex) Note: some recent
  versions have problems with correctly rendering images. Confirmed
  problematic: the versions from early 2014, confirmed working: the versions
  from july 2014.
* Aditionally xelatex needs some dependencies:
  * texlive-base (debian package)
  * texlive-xetex (debian package)
  * texlive-fonts-extra (debian package)
  * texlive-fonts-recommended (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-base (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-extra (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-recommended (debian package)
  * tipa (debian package)

For version control it right now depends on:

* git (executable binary, debian package git)

Usage (for testscript):

```
$ cd extensions
$ python ../../path_to_scripts/testscript.py
```

This testscript reads all XEPs (xml files) in the current directory, performs
some tests on them and then tries to build them all to HTML and PDF format.

Commit message:

Adding build and cronjob script and fixes. Adding a script to build XEPs and a script to be called as cronjob. Beside that some fixes in deferring XEPs and settings. Updating README.md

README.md, after:

xsf-tools
=========

Automated tools for the management of XEPs at the XSF

Right now working towards automatically defering XEPs. For some thoughts on the
workflow see:
http://logs.xmpp.org/editor/2014-06-10/#18:36:56

For building XEPs it right now depends on:

* xsltproc (executable binary, debian package xsltproc)
* texml (python module, for source see: http://getfo.org)
* xelatex (executable binary, debian package texlive-xetex) Note: some recent
  versions have problems with correctly rendering images. Confirmed
  problematic: the versions from early 2014, confirmed working: the versions
  from july 2014.
* Aditionally xelatex needs some dependencies:
  * texlive-base (debian package)
  * texlive-xetex (debian package)
  * texlive-fonts-extra (debian package)
  * texlive-fonts-recommended (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-base (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-extra (debian package)
  * texlive-latex-recommended (debian package)
  * tipa (debian package)

For version control it right now depends on:

* git (executable binary, debian package git)

Executable scripts in this package:

build.py - builds HTML and PDF from XEP XML sources
cronjob.py - performs periodical maintanance tasks
testscript.py - testscript for developers

All scripts have a help function that can be called with '-h'.
